hey guys welcome to the next segment of
our assassins creed special we are
covering assassin's creed bloodlines for
the PSP and that came out alongside
assassin's creed two now if you're
excited when Sony announced that they
were going to have an assassin's creed
game on their portable gaming platform
and that's because I really enjoyed the
first one a lot of people did not enjoy
the first one because some of the sub
objectives were very repetitive you had
a main person you needed to assassinate
and then you head through sub objectives
that you would have to do before you
could pull off the assassination and
they didn't change every time you'd kill
somebody so you kill a mean leader and
then you would have to do over basically
the same three subjective is just with a
different person so that made a lot of
people angry and a lot of people did
enjoy the game very much because of the
amount of repetitive mess now I
personally like the game because of the
history of it that's involved I'm also a
big fan of the hitman games so a kind of
Middle Ages Renaissance of assassination
game just really appeals to me so like I
said when they announced that they were
bringing out this out to PSP and as a 3d
game I got pretty excited and playing
through it picks up a couple months
after the first assassin's creed so
you're still playing as LT air you're
not playing as Enzio like you are an
assassin's creed two so it's like 10
months I think after the first one and
LT air still has the apple of Eden the
Templars are still looking for it but
rather than sit and wait for the
Templars to attack again out here can
kind of take the fight to them so you're
still hunting down Templar leaders and
trying to basically get them out of the
country so how does this game translate
from a ps3 xbox 360 environment to a
portable obviously there is a downsize
and graphics you're getting about a 480p
definition signal rather than your HD
signal course so you're going to notice
the downgrade from their graphics
quality I guess you would say it kind of
looks like a poor man's ps2 port that
doesn't necessarily mean that's terrible
but after playing assassin
cretu for a while and coming back to
this you definitely definitely notice
the difference but for portable game
it's definitely probably the
best-looking I've seen on the system so
they did do a fairly good job
considering the hardware it's on so
graphically not bad control wise a lot
of people complain about the PlayStation
Portable 'he's lack of a second analog
stick and Assassin's Creed being a game
where you really need to see what's
going on you really need to control the
camera use the left shoulder button to
kind of begin the camera function and
then you use the regular face buttons to
kind of rotate the camera around you at
times this can be clunky when you're
running around and trying to chase an
objective down or kind of get an
overview of your surroundings but that
after a while you get adjusted to it now
yeah it's a shame that there is no
second analog stick but that topic has
been beat to death so there's no second
analog stick the developers did a good
job implementing the camera controls as
best as they could but otherwise with
regular controls your right trigger
button does all your high-profile
attacks your dodges and your counters
you still have your weapons as far as
the hidden blade the knife the sword and
of course your fists and sound wise they
did a decent job the music tracks seem
to be fairly common there's not a lot of
difference between them but sound and
stuff like that it still delivers that
original Assassin's Creed experience
storyline wise the game kind of feels
rushed and not in terms of graphically
and gameplay wise but it kind of feels
really thrown together just so they
could kind of get it out there it
doesn't have the depth that the first
assassin's creed have had definitely not
the second one first of all there's no
animus that you actually go into you
don't see Desmond Miles at all when you
start the game you start immediately as
Lt air so there is no at least as far as
I've gotten I have about eighty five
percent through the game there is no
indication of Desmond Miles and all this
game at all so again it's more of a
the bridge of the gap between assassin's
creed assassins creed two between the
characters rather than the whole focus
on the story and this is me and more of
a main focus on MultiAir and mission
wise you're going through and you're
assassinating people like you should the
submissions at least have a lot more
variety but it still feels a little
mundane and boring it does get a little
boring after a while but for a portable
game this is kind of meant to be picked
up played for maybe half an hour an hour
and then put down again I'm picking up
and playing it later so they really
didn't do a bad job with that the
admission structure it is a step up over
Assassin's Creed so overall is this a
game that deserves a system bundle of
them for those of you who don't know
there is an assassin's creed psp-3000
system bundle that comes with a game um
it's really hard for me to say on
whether or not i would pick up a PSP
system with this hasn't created it's a
great game but it's not that good that I
would say it's a great game in a bundle
system with a decent but you know not
that good the god of war for PSP bundle
was awesome great game for PSP and a
great system to bundle with so that made
sense an assassin's creed bundle I can't
really say I would go for it but overall
Assassin's Creed if you already own a
PSP is definitely worth the pickup it is
a great portable game it is a decent
entry into the Assassin's Creed series
and holds up well even compared to its
ps3 brothers overall I'd probably give
it a 4 out 5 just because again the
story was kind of rushed and that's
pretty much it for assassin's creed
bloodlines i gotta finish it up here and
see what the rest of the story holds for
us and that's it for this portion of our
sizes creed special our next portion we
are going to cover the top part of
assassin's creed and that is assassin's
creed 2 i'll be uploaded some time
during a week of thanksgiving i'm on
little logic Mike murders I hope you
enjoyed this review and take it easy see
you soon